FrontendVMScaleSetAndVMsBackend/README.md, before:

# Frontend VM ScaleSet And VMs for Backend
<a href="https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FSoruk%2FAzureRMTemplates%2Fmaster%2FFrontendVMScaleSetAndVMsBackend%2Ftemplate.json" target="_blank">
    <img src="http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png"/>
</a>
<a href="http://armviz.io/#/?load=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FSoruk%2FAzureRMTemplates%2Fmaster%2FFrontendVMScaleSetAndVMsBackend%2Ftemplate.json" target="_blank">
    <img src="http://armviz.io/visualizebutton.png"/>
</a>

This templates deploys an IaaS enviroment to Azure Public Cloud.

For given resource group, the templates deployes:
- 1 VNet with 3 Subnets: Frontend, Backend and Gateway
- 1 VM ScaleSet with 2 VM Windows 2016 Server for Web Frontend
- 1 VM Windows 2016 Server with Sql Server 2016 Backend
- 1 VM Windows 2016 server for Backend application server
- 1 VPN gateway with Local Network Gateway (for S2S scenario) and configruation for P2S scenario

This template is based on Azure Quick Starts Templates
https://github.com/Azure/azure-quickstart-templates

Commit message:

Added the remark about Availibility Zones

FrontendVMScaleSetAndVMsBackend/README.md, after:

# Frontend VM ScaleSet And VMs for Backend
<a href="https://portal.azure.com/#create/Microsoft.Template/uri/https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FSoruk%2FAzureRMTemplates%2Fmaster%2FFrontendVMScaleSetAndVMsBackend%2Ftemplate.json" target="_blank">
    <img src="http://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png"/>
</a>
<a href="http://armviz.io/#/?load=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FSoruk%2FAzureRMTemplates%2Fmaster%2FFrontendVMScaleSetAndVMsBackend%2Ftemplate.json" target="_blank">
    <img src="http://armviz.io/visualizebutton.png"/>
</a>

This templates deploys an IaaS enviroment to Azure Public Cloud.

For given resource group, the templates deployes:
- 1 VNet with 3 Subnets: Frontend, Backend and Gateway
- 1 VM ScaleSet with 2 VM Windows 2016 Server for Web Frontend
- 1 VM Windows 2016 Server with Sql Server 2016 Backend
- 1 VM Windows 2016 server for Backend application server
- 1 VPN gateway with Local Network Gateway (for S2S scenario) and configruation for P2S scenario

Remarks:
The Azure Availibility Zones must have been enabled on the subscription, where this template would be deployed.

This template is based on Azure Quick Starts Templates
https://github.com/Azure/azure-quickstart-templates
